
#### Core 

* Bundled middleware has been nested under `keystone.middleware` instead of being included on the `keystone` object.
* `keystone.initAPI` => `keystone.middleware.api`
* `keystone.cors` => `keystone.middleware.cors`
* `List.addPattern("standard meta")` (deprecated since v0.2.26) has been removed. Use the [list tracking feature](http://keystonejs.com/docs/database/#lists-options) to automatically add created / modified metadata to lists.
* Deprecation of `keystone.connect`.  <strong>Express</strong> and <strong> Mongoose</strong> instances are now set during `keystone.init` where you can pass custom Express/Mongoose instances.
```javascript
	keystone.init({
		mongoose: mongoose,
		app: app
	});
```

#### Express 4

Express 3 has been upgraded to Express 4. Please review the <a href="http://expressjs.com/guide/migrating-4.html" target="_blank" >Moving to Express 4 Guide</a> for more information.

#### React Admin UI

The first part of the port of the Admin UI to React has been completed, meaning forms are now rendered client-side by React instead of server-side from Jade templates.

The Admin UI should, by and large, work as before - this is just groundwork for more improvements to come.

#### Fields

`field.width` has been deprecated in favor of `field.size`. Fields (some, not all) can be set to `small`, `medium`, `large` or `full` (see <a href="/docs/database#fieldtypes" >field docs</a> for support). The CSS and HTML structure has been significantly cleaned up over the 0.2.x version, and should result in a cleaner, more consistent UI.

The default field size has changed from `full` to `large` because most fields don't need to stretch all the way across the screen.

#### Code

`options.lang` became `options.language`
